how you off exit into got me and beauty
101 time to be doing an update video of
my Caribbean loose curl from new Jewish
strands i have installed 226 is 24 and
at 22 i absolutely love the curl pattern
of this hair it's more like a loose curl
kinda like goose curl loose wavy texture
the closure is also provided by them I'm
i order this here like two months ago I
decided just to go blonde my license I
did blonde I really liked it so the
bottom but moves are a little bit darker
than top bun news and the closure took
really really fast 2 i'm to lifting it
didn't have any problems in with living
the clothes or anything no problems
whatsoever um so far i only thing I've
noticed about this here that it
definitely tangled at all even though is
so long I haven't been experiencing any
tangles and I have hair that this long
before and after a couple days it starts
to tangle are you and stuff we get a
couple of snags but I just came back
from a party that's what I'm all like my
face so I have no tangles throughout the
whole night no snacks no anything on up
for my hand all the way to the back and
no problems I did experience a little
bit shedding nothing serious but the
has gone down after i shampooed
the wig after me the whole way that
shan't put in you like one or two
strands which is nothing serious so i
really like the year I'm one thing I
noticed that the hair takes good to
color and this is willing to try
sometimes when you color here or lift it
it tends to get dry who this and they're
still healthy um I've put the hair
styler here's to my hands for a long
time and I haven't used as I decided to
use it now this install my list closure
it's a 4 by 4 is a 16
closure and they have coaches to match
each texture that you buy they are
having a bundle deal so I probably get
that for my sister because i think the
curl pattern it's really pretty and it's
easy to maintain you're getting curly
here it's easier to get some that you
can maintain and it isn't frizz upon you
anything like really really nice curls
on the top part I'm I wanted to have a
little more tanked on top so i put my
curling jello three sisters coming
juggle just a little bit and just have
it on the front I feel like I like it
better without any product at all but I
just wanted to try it and see I've had
it for a couple of days so I will change
the color up I'm not sure yet I'm gonna
go darker or lighter but the color is
really nice on me so let me show you how
what where it gives me makes me almost
to my butt the back of it and I'm 58 so
it's true to length I met y'all but
knows the truth length if you go to the
front imagines me measures like to my
play button so i think that bad it is it
a good length if you like movies on here
but i do our fun with starting at 12
inches all the way to 30 32 which is
really good because a lot of companies
they unlock my 12 to 24 so if you like
long hair don't care then this is a
competition they have the loose wit curl
and loose wavy and this is a loose curl
and again they do have a bundle deal
their prices are really really good
compare other companies um for around
the same they get like I think 300 you
can get like three bundles of four
bundles which is really good another
thing is and you can see the waist are
all way from the top all the way to the
bottom it sound like some companies
where it's just like straight and then
wavy it's curly wavy all over from the
top to bottom
after coloring it or bleaching it the
wings are still didn't lose any of its
texture I didn't lose and if its wave
pattern so you're kind of press that you
like to call you hear you like to
experiment then this here should we find
again the ends are healthy and have to
cut anything off and they're healthy
nothing breaking off closure is really
good and I first saw the holders gonna
be thick but the culture is actually
like perfect I just got a few baby
here's an I didn't want to cut them off
because I do wear my place closures on
my hairline onward um past my headline i
wear my hairline it is a wig i take it
off by night and i might a little bit so
i'll probably just like this and then
twisted if you want to you can twist it
all the way down i'm going to twist it
abraded just like the specifics and
zarley helping that I told you before
they don't end smoothly like it gets
thick right here so before we do like
that aside aside from times I've decided
Brady because for like it'll last longer
we twist it it tends to travel by I'm
going to take this off at night and I
put in the morning I don't have to
wedding or anything the past 45 days no
water or anything like that and again I
just started putting particle and I been
wearing this natural state the whole
time I differ in my face and when i
first installed or was making the wig i
plan on wearing in the middle part so i
still would do that Bible just I'm we're
straight down the middle or have it look
back I feel like it doesn't really look
nice on me in the middle and share a
little I can see I've like it isn't
really look as flattering my face middle
back I always wear it on one side like
this I have it going this all want to
just change it up to left so it's always
versatile you go its way to live in the
center or to the right so when I'm going
to wear on the
I will wear more curly if I said side to
it straight then I've always worried
down the middle layer it's really pretty
i will do updates and let you guys know
anything changes when shedding or
tinkling you have any questions you want
to actually please comment below and let
me know not get back to you soon as
fossil thanks for watching